[DOCU-2314] Konnect Service Hub: UI validation and style cleanup (#4082)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/servicehub/plugins.md

> routes, and consumers in a runtime group &ndash; set it up through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
routes, and consumers in a runtime group, using the
```
